docs: Update after deployment instructions (#4693)
kyma-project/busola: docs/user/01-40-deploy-access-kubernetes.md

> The VirtualService creation takes a few minutes.

Under `HOSTS`, you should see an address that you can use to access the Busola page.

## Logging into Busola

> After accessing Busola through one of the methods above, you need to provide your kubeconfig to connect to Busola.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After accessing Busola using one of the methods above, you need to provide your kubeconfig to connect to it.
```

### Providing Kubeconfig

1. Open your web browser and navigate to:
   - `http://localhost:3001`, if using kubectl port-forward
   - Or the address from the Istio VirtualService

2. On the Busola login page, choose **Connect** to provide cluster connection details.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
